by Kexin Zhaos
Week 1
1. Group formed.
2. Read each projects specification and discussed with the team about our preferences and reasons.
3. I discussed with the team and the tutor about the possible novel functionalities we
can have for the projects we are interested in.
    Possible options: 1 meal plan to reduce the food waste
                      2 auto generate tags for food
                      3 switcher to healthy mode
                      ...


Week 2
1. Studied on the proposal specification
2. Discussed with the team about the ideas of the proposal


Week 3
1. Draw the overall project flow chart including
    some basic Ui/UX design
    creating pages and their jump to satisfy the user story
2. Wrote the novel functionality meal plan part in proposal.
3. Inspect on user stories and give advice on the shopping list and meal plan.



Week 4
1. Discuss the technique stack of front-end within the team
2. Set up the skeleton of front-end, so we can divide the task to each people. Also add an eslint file to front-ends
4. Responsible for create recipe and view recipe page

Week 5
1. Demo A retrospective meetings
2. Search reference material for our front end design. Meet with Almersy to talk about the UI design
3. Contribute to the final design

Week 6
...

Week 7

Rebuild the project based on the new design
Finish the AppBar part
Change the sign-in and sign-up page to pop-up and complete the code, connect to backend and pass through test
Start working on view recipe and create recipe page
Create some reusable component for the project

Week 7
Meet with team members to talk about the API consistency of front-end and back-end
Front end layout of create recipe and view recipe page
change tags in create recipe page style ( look like view recipe page )
connect homepage to backend

Week 8
have meeting with team members, outcome:
no platting instruction picture
no step and step picture
no nutrition information in create page

Finish view recipe page, add send likes/dislikes/comment function, leave button for add to cookbook/ shopping list
Ingredients adjust with the servings
Finish create recipe page


Week 9
Build comments, recommendation, fix bug in scale ingredients
Fix list of bugs
build the trending page
prepare for the final demo

Week 10
Clean the code:
    1 separate create recipe and view recipe
    2 delete unused code
    3 run eslint --fix
Write the overview and technical challenge part of final report
