Week 1
1. Group formed. 
2. I studied each projects and discussed with the team about our preferences and reasons. 
3. I found and discussed with the team and the tutor about the possible novel functionalities we 
can have for the projects we are interested in.


Week 2
1. Studied on the proposal specification
2. Discussed with the team about the ideas of the proposal
3. Wrote user stories part of the proposal with Han-Hsin
4. Created the report format of the proposal


Week 3
1. Went through the draft of our proposal with the team
2. Revised the user stories according to the team meeting
3. Wrote acceptance for user stories and novel additions and sprints in the proposal
4. Revised the objectives with user stories and user stories
5. Revised the proposal format and reference


Week 4
1. Researched about templates for the front end web pages
2. Learned html, css, javascript technics for coding
3. Coded the log in and sign up parts of the front end

Week 5
1. Wrote and finished the UI design to meet all the page requirements and discussed 
that with Kexin
2. Learned to use MUI

Week 6&7
1. Updated the UI design as discussed in the meeting
2. Learned coding style components
3. Wrote standard recipe card, recipe card for shopping list, add recipe to cookbook 
pop up window, and footer components

Week 8
1. Created UI design for new pages and updated the UI design as discussed in the meeting
2. Learned to use MUI Schema
3. Updated the components I wrote last week according to the requirements
4. Wrote cookbook card component, create a new cookbook pop up window, pages of 
newsfeed, searching result, my recipes, single cookbook, and my cookbooks
5. Wrote navigations of create a new cookbook, add to cookbook from create recipe and 
recipe pages, searching result page from home page and advance search pop up window,
and my cookbooks, single cookbook page, my recipes page from profile page and between
each page

Week 9
1. Finalized the UI design as discussed in the meeting and created UI design for new pages
2. Fixed bugs and updated pages and components according to the new requirements from 
the team meetings
3. Finished bug list tasks from Jira
4. Wrote more recommendation page, updated the user's pop up window for create recipe, 
profile, shopping list and log out to make it the same as the UI design
5. Went through, tested and adjust our program with the team according to the team meetings

Week 10
1. Prepared the final demo
2. Went through the test with the team
3. Wrote the descriptions of the functionalities developed by the team and how they map / 
address all project objectives part and implementation challenges part of the report
4. Reviewed and revised the final report with the team
5. Finalized our github
